hello and welcome to movies in five
minutes or less
this is a recap of the 1978 horror film
halloween
starring jamie lee curtis
warning spoilers ahead
on halloween night 1963 in haddonfield
six-year-old michael myers places a
clown mask over his head and stabs his
sister judith to death with a kitchen
knife
michael then walks out of the house
where his parents are shocked to find
him holding a bloody butcher knife
mr myers removes michael's mask
revealing his face which is blank and
expressionless
fifteen years later michael psychiatrist
dr samuel loomis and his colleague
marion chambers arrive at the smith's
grove sanitarium to transfer 21 year old
michael myers from the hospital to the
hardin county courthouse so that he can
stand trial for his crimes
loomis warns marion about how dangerous
michael is and that he hopes the outcome
of the hearing is that michael will
never be released from the sanitarium as
he believes that he is a psychopath
loomis leaves marion alone in the car to
check the sanitarium's gate
michael appears and jumps onto the car
marion exits and michael jumps inside
the car and drives away
on his way back to haddonfield he kills
a mechanic and later steals a mask from
a store
on halloween michael sees high school
student lori drop off a key at the long
abandoned myers house that her father is
trying to sell laurie notices michael
stalking her throughout the day but her
friends linda and annie dismiss her
concerns
loomis arrives in hatton field in search
of michael and finds judith's tombstone
missing from the local cemetery
he meets with annie's father sheriff
bracket and they investigate michael's
house where loomis tells bracket that
michael is pure evil
brackett is doubtful of the danger but
goes to patrol the streets while loomis
waits at the house for michael's return
that night laurie babysits tommy doyle
while annie babysits lindsay wallace
across the street
michael follows them spying on annie and
killing the wallace's dog lester
tommy looks outside the window and
catches a glimpse of michael across the
street at the wallace house
he runs back to tell lori but she does
not believe him
annie later takes lindsay to the doyle
house to spend the night so she can pick
up her boyfriend paul
when she gets into her car michael
appears from the back seat strangling
her and slitting her throat
soon after linda and her boyfriend bob
arrive at the wallace house and find it
empty
after sleeping with linda bob goes
downstairs to get a beer
michael appears shoves bob against the
wall and stabs him with his knife
pinning him to the wall
after that michael drapes a bed sheet
over his body
he covers the sheet with bob's
eyeglasses to deceive linda into
thinking this is her boyfriend
linda chuckles as he enters the bedroom
wearing the sheet and teases him to no
effect
annoyed she calls lori to find out what
happened to annie as she waits for
laurie to pick up the phone michael
discards the bed sheet and begins
strangling linda with the phone cord
while laurie listens on the other end
thinking it is a joke
linda collapses to the ground lifeless
meanwhile loomis discovers the car
michael has stolen and begins searching
the streets
later that night laurie goes to the
wallace house across the street
she finds annie's body sprawled out
across the bed
at the head of the bed is judith meyer
stolen tombstone
lori starts screaming and turns around
to find linda and bob's bodies
she flees to the hallway in terror where
michael suddenly appears in the dark and
slashes her arm causing her to fall over
the stairway banister cracking her ankle
injured laurie narrowly escapes and runs
back to the doyle house where the door
is locked and she cannot find her keys
she wakes up tommy who lets her in
laurie tells him to lock lindsay and
himself in the upstairs bedroom
after tommy leaves michael appears in
the living room
laurie stabs him in the neck with a
knitting needle
thinking he's dead lori staggers
upstairs to check on the kids but is
shocked to see michael alive
she tells the kids to hide in the
bathroom while laurie hides in the
bedroom closet but michael finds her
laurie takes a coat hanger and hits him
with it forcing him to drop his knife
she then picks up the knife and runs it
through his stomach
michael collapses onto the floor
she then tells tommy and lindsey to go
down the street to a neighbor's house to
call the police
after they leave michael awakens once
again
he comes up behind lori and begins
strangling her
laurie rips michael's mask off forcing
him to release her and allowing her to
see his face before re-putting his mask
on
loomis arrives at the house and shoots
michael six times making him falling off
the house's balcony ledge
when loomis later looks down over the
balcony he notices michael has vanished
loomis looks off into the night
unsurprised while lori sobs in terror
michael's breathing is heard during a
montage of locations where he had
recently been indicating he is still
alive and could be anywhere
thanks for watching movies in 5 minutes
or less
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
till next time